It's my pleasure to introduce my self..well, I'm kumarswamy born and raised in Santharavuru.
I have done my schooling in G.V.C  High School with 82% ,then i did my plus 12 from Umamaheswara junior college with 86.4% and then i did my B.tech from Prakasam Engineering college Kandukur with an aggregate of 65.33%

My strengths are my attitude that i like to take challenges that I CAN do it,my way of thinking that i take both success and failure in a balanced manner..
I dont like to say weakness but i like to say scope for improvement that is i wont leave any ask in completely,i believe in my self and my hard work and i want perfection in every thing.

My short term goal is i want a such a platform where i can grow my career along with the organisation growth like yours and
My Long term goal is i want to be one of the reason for the success of the organisation and i want to seeyour organisation as a bench mark to other organisations.

My ethic is "i never neglect an opportunity for my improvement".

1. Superescapes Travel is a Tour and Travels Company that provides a variety of ABTA & ATOL Protected packages for all your travel needs. 
The packages include Summer Vacation Package Deals, City Break Packages, Low Deposit Holiday Packages, Bargain Package Deals and many more to choose from, according to your needs and requirements. 
The Cheap All-Inclusive Holiday Deals also includes perks such as hotel pick and drop services, airport transfers, Airport parking and hotel / resort accommodations and many more other facilities that covers all your travel needs and requirements, all in just one low-cost all-inclusive deals.

Anagha softech:

Started in the year 2010, and based in Hyderabad, currently offering services to clients from more than four countries, and is having strong and focal presence in Web and Mobile technologies for effective application developments. Our priority is on learning and development, and our team is always provided training on emerging technologies and solutions in web development arena and mobile applications revolution.

2. Having worked with my current organization for 12 months, I find my daily tasks repetitive. Although the work environment is comfortable, there is no space for skill enhancement. I discussed this with my supervisor and we tried to pitch it to the bosses about expanding my functions.  However, it was not possible given their business goals for the next 18 months. 

This is the most honest and best reason for job change, that I can quote right now. I have the intent to expand my skill set through the position offered by your company. It is indeed a highly demanding role, but I believe I have a great supply of energy and diligence to meet this demand.

3. "I know that the organization has an impressive reputation for providing professional development and training to new entrants to the workforce, and I'd like to take advantage of that training to increase my value to the company."

thats all about me sir....thank you for giving me such a wonderful oppurtunity.
